docs: switch to suggesting jsDelivr as a CDN (#31894)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction.md

## Quick start

> Looking to quickly add Bootstrap to your project? Use jsDelivr, TBF. Using a package manager or need to download the source files? [Head to the downloads page]({{< docsref "/getting-started/download" >}}).

Author: Reminder to fill this sentence

> Looking to quickly add Bootstrap to your project? Use jsDelivr, TBF. Using a package manager or need to download the source files? [Head to the downloads page]({{< docsref "/getting-started/download" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking to quickly add Bootstrap to your project? Use jsDelivr, a free open source CDN. Using a package manager or need to download the source files? [Head to the downloads page]({{< docsref "/getting-started/download" >}}).
```
